okay you beat them girl free vacation
vacation
yeah we have vacation why cuz tomorrow's
Thanksgiving why because that's the day
that Thanksgiving falls on vacation
because we don't have to come to work
tomorrow so you will not gonna have
anything planned for Thanksgiving no of
course Joe doesn't believe in turkeys so
he doesn't celebrate Thanksgiving she
doesn't believe in turkeys yeah uh-huh
okay well you to it obviously related
thank you no problem
Stella but you did not what are you
doing dip dip dip okay where's the F nut
that's not right remember
oh my goofy you not remember when we
landed this plane about ten minutes ago
the six hour flight we had been flying
you would dip that in the front seat
together and then she's dead hey you
feet why don't I go to the chocolate Joe
and get us some chocolate for you right
home and you're like okay I'll pick you
up in a taxi in about five minutes
do you not remember that doobie dad so
why didn't you pick her up in the taxi
because you'll be feeling how ataxia
making Wow um okay you know what we're
just gonna have to pick her up okay well
so we'll just turn around and go get her
but what about the passengers they have
to get home there are no passengers on
this plane you'll be no they're not
who'd you lettin one income in a high
ticket make enjoy your fight against
either idea hello vegan with your mind
please fly me to a leader
you're working for
oh come on Megan a favor I mean you
really want to keep that kid here of
course of course they do
okay you can go down a person horse in a
wheel you bearded dragon going it's my
fault
who do you think existed I wonder when
do fees gonna keep that with the taxi